feat(tutorial): add cheatsheets to py lists&dicts MTA-3350 (#1828)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/python-lists-dicts/index.mdx

| Get the lowest item                       | `min(class_marks)`                                            |
| Get the highest item                      | `max(class_marks)`                                            |

### Lists cheatsheet

<Lightbox src="python-lists-cheatsheet.webp" alt="" size="large" />

<Message type="tip">

>   This content is also available as a printable PDF file. Click the link below to download:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This content is also available as a printable PDF file. [Download the Python lists cheatsheet - Printable](python-lists-cheatsheet.pdf)
```

>     - [Python lists cheatsheet - Printable](python-lists-cheatsheet.pdf)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| Get a list of all values in the dictionary | `list(student_marks.values())`                              |
| View all values in the dictionary         | `student_marks.values()` Output: `dict_values([99, 68, 72, 50, 72]`)  |
| Add a single key/value pair to the dictionary | `student_marks["Paxton"] = 76`                             |
| Add multiple key/value pairs to the dictionary | `student_marks.update({"Devi": 80, "Fabiola": 55})`       |
| Remove a key/value pair from the dictionary and return (pop) its value | `student_marks.pop("Sara")`       |
| Delete a key/value pair from the dictionary | `del student_marks['Aneesa']`                                |
| Clear the whole dictionary (delete all key/value pairs) | `student_marks.clear()`                          |
| Get the length of the dictionary  | `len(student_marks)`                                                   |

### Dictionaries cheatsheet

<Lightbox src="python-dicts-cheatsheet.webp" alt="" size="large" />

<Message type="tip">

>   This content is also available as a printable PDF file. Click the link below to download:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This content is also available as a printable PDF file. [Download the Python lists cheatsheet - Printable](python-lists-cheatsheet.pdf)
```

>     - [Python dictionaries cheatsheet - Printable](python-dicts-cheatsheet.pdf)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
